Adding verd layout to RSII (#7296)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/redscarf_iiplus/verd/readme.md

> # Red Scarf II+ Ver.B (RS78)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Red Scarf II+ Ver.D (RS78)
```

A 65% keyboard with two function columns on the left.

> Keyboard Maintainer: [Maartenwut](https://github.com/Maartenwut)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Keyboard Maintainer: [Maartenwut](https://github.com/Maartenwut)
```

You should put your name here instead, I think.

> Hardware Supported: Ver.B (RS78), Ver.C (RS68)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Hardware Supported: Ver.B (RS78), Ver.C (RS68)
```

> Hardware Availability: [Drop](https://drop.com/buy/red-scarf-ii-ver-b-custom-mechanical-keyboard-kit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Hardware Availability: [Drop](https://drop.com/buy/red-scarf-ii-ver-b-custom-mechanical-keyboard-kit)
```

Wrong link here.

Please note that when QMK firmware is flashed, the remote will cease to control the underglow LEDs. 

## Flashing

The flashing is sub-optimal. 

Flashing the Red Scarf involves using Google Chrome, downloading an extension, and then flashing. For more detailed instructions please refer to [kairyu.gitbooks.io](https://kairyu.gitbooks.io/red-scarf-ii-plus-user-guide-how-to-custom-layout/content/online_reflash.html)

---

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

>     make redscarf_iiplus/verb:default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make redscarf_iiplus/verd:default
```

# Red Scarf II+ Ver.D (RS78)

A 60% keyboard with a numpad on the right

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Andy Lee](https://github.com/alittlepeace)
* Hardware Supported: Ver.D (RS77)
* Hardware Availability: [Drop](https://drop.com/buy/red-scarf-ii-plus-ver-d-custom-mechanical-keyboard-kit)

> Please note that when QMK firmware is flashed, the remote will cease to control the underglow LEDs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that QMK Firmware does not currently support using the remote to control the underglow LEDs. 
```

> Please note that QMK Firmware does not currently support using the remote to control the underglow LEDs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that QMK Firmware does not currently support controlling the underglow LEDs; however, if your board came with the remote, it can still be used to change the colour.
```
